I made this pack with the mentality of "What if this was a server default resource pack" therefore any textures I've added are more to enhance the semi-vanilla feel to the server.

Textures folder goes unused so far, I want to include it in a future update. The feature will change double-slabs to be a custom texture that you'd otherwise be unable to get.

Models folder contains templates that I've tried to use in the past, however nothing in that folder is used anymore. It could be deleted and the pack would still be fully functional.

Optifine Folder is where all the Custom Item Textures (CITs) are. Going into the "cit" folder within you will see many files that I will explain in order that you can see the textures in-game.

Lobby: When in the lobby, all the items in the hotbar are changed via looking at the NBT data. The compass for server navigator, the dyes used for player visibility, and the survey icon has been changed.  In the future I'd like to change the GUIs too, but I don't know how to do it yet.

Starter Kit: Adds all the textures I have for the Starter Kit so far. Includes the Axe, Pickaxe, Shovel, and Sword so far, and once I make the Armor set, I'll add those too.

MVP and MVPP kits: I have the Swords of both kits turned into Lightsabers. The Diamond MVP sword is Green, while the Netherite MVP sword is Red. The Diamond MVP+ sword is Blue, while the Netherite MVP+ sword is Purple. It's purple not because it's corrupted like the Red one is, but because I like the purple sword and I think it's cool.  Nothing else is added as of now, but I'll get to adding tool/armor textures in the future.

Keys: All keys that are in the Hub show up as Skeleton Keys that are the same color as the Crate's name. This was due to someone complaining that they were scammed because they couldn't tell what key was displayed on the shop. A side effect is that now you can easily see which key is which if you have a bunch tossed in a chest somewhere.

Playerstuff: All of these are individual players that came to me like "Wouldn't it be cool if we had this in the game" so I added it. Currently, MissingBlue has his sword, "Divisor De Mar" meaning "Sea Divider", a netherite axe that looks like a Scythe (was supposed to be a trident, but I can't figure out tridents) and his armor that includes his mask once his personal lore takes place. Denreib has a Battleaxe. Necronisgood has a Sword with a top hat. Sandspaper has his Sandsplash sword that looks like a Sandy Wolverine fist. Void has her 3-tier Corrupted sword, (the "Corrupted Katana", "Corrupted Kadaj", and "Corrupted Sword").  With more to be added upon request.

Factions: Any faction that wants me to add their equipment will have to get in touch with me, and I'll gladly add it. Currently only Hythe and the Chicken Empire have custom textures in regard to Faction related equipment.
	Chicken Empire: This texture was made during the "Chickens vs Sue" battle. The Chicken soldiers could name their helmet anything as long as they had the words "Chicken Empire" in the name, and it would change the helmet to look like a Chicken.
	Hythe: All the Tower Keepers have armor and swords relating to their individual crystals.


(Spoilers for Hythe Lore below)

Hythe will soon also have a tier 2 of their armor, called Crystalline armor. Anyone using Crystalline armor will have increased ability compared to the normal Crystal Keeper Armor. In Void's case, it'll allow her to permenantly remain alive, as long as she has the armor in her possesion.